this Aloha FCA feature stories brought
to you by worth plumbing and heating in
geneseo
and skinny Lama favorite high school
football team school history now while
all the winds have been drained this
year on the field
winrich live at home
we are already booked all cheer football
players cheerleaders everybody included
the whole town is behind this team
that's nothing like I've ever seen
before it's a really great feeling to
see that we've actually worked hard this
year and gotten to a place where we want
to be what's it like around school you
know when the team is going to the same
phone it's crazy there's yelling in the
hallway there's always your green and
white and gold around the school
everybody's saying we are green machine
the signs up around the school it's it's
really great
it makes how our house the whole town
whole community better everybody's
looking forward to Friday night and just
seeing what we can do it's it's a great
experience for these kids they'll have
memories forever they got friends
forever from just being on the team it's
just a great experience not only for the
kids but it's community and everybody
gets behind the team and the players
they're good kids in the classroom and
on the field we couldn't be more proud
I'm going to see firsthand like all the
guys being so excited the battery during
practice and to see it plan the game all
their hard work pay off its equal to see
the players in cell say the support is
down right
it energizes them during games but they
say that goes back to their days in
Little League football all the way back
to fifth grade for a game we're quiet as
quiet and calm as can be and then once
we see everybody that supports us and
loves us and cheers for us it just
lights that just lights that fire and
set this off and we've always had a lot
of encouragement to keep going to the
next level mr. Mitchell is one of the
highest amount of players he can have on
the eighth grade team and we try to get
as many players out here at the high
school team as we can and this just goes
to show how many people support this
program and that they love what we do
it's great tonight your community
supports you and you know it's a great
feeling when like during the sport you
know they're always there for us are
always cheering us on so and when they
come here for this it just makes us you
know more motivated and more grateful
for what we have for you guys in this
town this goes back to fifth grade to
how meaningful is that part that it's so
long long term and the fact that people
were paying money so you guys have the
best and you know god bless you here you
are in the state title game I mean it's
just it's great being a kid growing up
you always want to know what it's like
you know you guys wish to go to state
and you know now we all get that
opportunity and you know we've all
wanted to and having the fans are you
know supporting us on our way from fifth
grade so now she's just great feeling
dekalb where the green machine goes for
the school's fifth state championship if
you'd like to have FCA at your school
just like geneseo does you can check out
our website for more information WWF CA
org aurilla YFC aor